Added ALT tags for deploy/mobile-testing-notifications.rst (#5588)
mattermost/docs: source/deploy/mobile-testing-notifications.rst

2. (iOS) When the app asks whether you wish to receive notifications, **confirm you want to receive notifications**.

  .. image:: ../images/mobile_push_prompt.png

>      :alt: Confirm if you want to receive push notifications from Mattermost

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     :alt: Mattermost prompts you to confirm whether you want to allow mobile push notifications. To test mobile push notifications, you must select Allow.
```

    :width: 300 px

3. Confirm push notifications are enabled for “Account A”.

  A. Go to the notification settings menu in the mobile app.

  .. image:: ../images/mobile_notification_settings.png

>      :alt: Confirm enabling of push notification - Clicking on settings icon > Account Settings > Notifications

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     :alt: Mattermost prompts you to confirm whether you want to allow mobile push notifications. To test mobile push notifications, you must select Allow.
```

  B. Check that the mobile push notifications are set to send.

  .. image:: ../images/mobile_push_send_for.png

>      :alt: Mobile push notifications are set to send when there is any activity in Mattermost

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     :alt: Select the type of activity you want push notifications for by going to Settings > Notifications > Mobile Push Notifications.
```

    :width: 300 px

  .. image:: ../images/mobile_push_send_when.png

>      :alt: Mobile push notifications are set to send when your online status matches the selection above in Mattermost

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     :alt: Select when you want push notifications by going to Settings > Notifications > Mobile Push Notifications for all Mattermost activity or mentions and direct messages only.
```
